There.
Ben tristam with you.
I'm going to talk you through installing a doe on the Mac.
So two options.
Very much like the one you could use steam.
I would say the advantages are it's super simple and it will manage the upgrading process for you the
updates just like a game.
The disadvantages are.
Every time you want to run godot you have to run Steam an open steam and log into steam or put it in
offline mode.
And the other disadvantage is that you can't do the C sharp version if you're interested in doing so
you shop later in the course.
And I strongly suggest you do follow me through a scene sharp at the end of luny lips so we're not going
to do it with steam.
We are going to go to the Go download page.
Just google for download.
Good.
And then we're looking for the Mac 32 bit plus 64 bit version number it going to do them one version
now because it's more complicated.
We will get there towards the at the end of Luni lips.
When I talk you through the conversion of that project to see Sharpe after I've sold you on the benefits
of learning C sharp as well as Judy's quit.
So for now we're just going to get the 32 plus 64 bit version.
They just click on it.
It's going to do a download 40 odd make at the time that's on good old version 3 0 4.
But it would be a much later version when you're watching this video and that's fine.
Just get the latest version might be a little bit bigger.
Not a problem that should unzip itself and immediately take you to where it is on your disk.
All you need to do from there is move it into your applications folder.
Clearly if you can't see that applications in the sidebar like I've got it then there's a couple of
things you might need to do.
You can either go to view and show side bar and hope that applications is there or you just make yourself
and you find a window or find a tab and you drag it there anyway.
I'm sure you can manage to get the file into the applications folder then to note once it's there you
can have multiple version.
So I already had good muno the mono version and then this is the one I've just installed.
You can rename it if you want.
If you want to keep track of where we are so this is three point o point for.
Call it whatever I like.
I can drag it down to my to my doc but in your doc if you've got more than one minor good ole ready
then make sure you're clear about which one you're using.
So in this case I'm managing it to make sure it's gadow 3 0 4.
You see the benefit of actually naming the application there means when I hover over it in the dock
I can see exactly what I'm getting.
I know this is the non mono version.
It's important you dont use the one version that for now because if mondo's not set up right on your
machine and is not the right person it just won't run.
It just won't open which is really kind of annoying.
So let's click in to it and we just want to make sure at this stage that it runs.
That's it.
This is your challenge for the section.
In fact one might ope mind opens.
I'm going to give you your challenge your challenge is to download and install goodo It's as simple
as that.
Just grab a copy of a 3.0 for a later and install it on your Mac and then come back to me.
Once you have done that or so are you in a second.
Okay so one of the things you may have got when you tried to install this is goodo 3.0 point for is
an application downloaded from the Internet.
You sure you're an open it case so we can say okay now it may not let you open it.
By the way if it doesn't then you need to go to System Preferences.
Security and privacy and you should be getting a warning just down here.
UPS just down here in this space below.
Allow apps downloaded from saying you need to goodo is attempting to open open anyway so you'd unlock
here with You'd now more Mac password.
And then you'll click open anyway and then next time you try to open out it should open.
So there is one gotcha now and you will start off with nothing in here like this.
No about my font size will show you how to change that in a moment.
What we want to do is want to make a new project and understand what this is doing so if you browse
to say downloads.
There you go.
Select current folder downloads.
If I now say I don't know.
Donkey test why donkey you just use the word donkey like it's a recognizable word.
If I create folder look what it's doing is putting green tick.
To say that's all good I'm making a folder called Donkey within.
Download simple create an edit.
Let's see what happens.
So good I will open up and that's it.
As long as you can right click right mouse button and move around.
We're running inside guys.
Oh that's cool.
If we look at what's changed on the disc in downloads we've made this folder here called Donghae test
and in there there's various files which we'll learn about as we go through the course.
Only other thing to say is if you don't like the font size go to Ed. Ed settings interface an editor.
So that was Ed the menu editor setting submenu interface on the left editor and then you've got a font
size here.
You can change it all you like to say 30.
And immediately the whole interface font size will change.
Alright fantastic.
That is it.
That is how you install godso on a Mac.
And of course you just close the app in the normal way and off you go.
So we'll see you in the rest of the course.